Happy Quotes

1:Keep your face always toward the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you.
1:Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
1:The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
1:Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
1:For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
1:The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.
1:Happiness is the secret to all beauty. There is no beauty without happiness.
1:The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.
1:Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
1:Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
1:Happiness depends upon ourselves.

Sad Quotes

2:The best way to predict your future is to create it.
2:The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again.
2:Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
2:Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
2:The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
2:It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
2:Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
2:We must understand that sadness is an ocean, and sometimes we drown, while other days we are forced to swim.
2:The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
2:Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
2:Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.

Angry Quotes

3:In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
3:Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
3:For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
3:Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
3:Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
3:Anger, resentment, and jealousy don't change the heart of others – it only changes yours.
3:Speak when you are angry – and you’ll make the best speech you’ll ever regret.
3:Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean.
3:Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
3:People won’t have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
3:Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you are.

Neutral Quotes

4:The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
4:Life is neither good nor bad, it just is.
4:Sometimes the right path is not the easiest one.
4:The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
4:The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
4:The past cannot be changed, the future is yet in your power.
4:Everything you can imagine is real.
4:Change your thoughts and you change your world.
4:It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
4:Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
4:Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.